Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
finschter => fienschte
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
finschter => fienschte
Angscht => Angst
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
garn => garn
guet => Guten
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
bekumme => bekomm
Madam => Madamen
gann => gen
natt => natt
morje => Morjen
morje => Morjen
Wihnachte => Wyhnachte
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
brav => brava
Liebschte => Liebschter
liebschte => Liebschter
kumme => kumme
Babbe => Bäbbe
kumme => kumme
kumme => kumme
Angscht => Angst
versteckelt => verstekelt
brüele => briahla
Kumm => kumme
Harz => Härze
uf => üf
blöj => blöuj
uf => üf
Wihnachte => Wyhnachte
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Ofen => Offe
dracket => dracket
brav => brava
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
brav => brava
alläin => allei
Verspracha => Verspräche
halte => halte
gann => gen
versproche => Verspräche
allewill => Allewil
brav => brava
Babbe => Bäbbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
brav => brava
Hunger => Hunger
fählt => fahlt
Babbe => Bäbbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
Ja => Ja‚
süess => siessi
spare => Sparren
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
stille => stilli
brav => brava
lange => langer
brav => brava
Angscht => Angst
versteckelt => verstekelt
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Guete => Guten
biesamme’ => beisammen
danke => Danke
kalt => kälter
danke => Danke
froh => froh
Familie => Famili
vergasse => vergasse
gueter => Guten
Gfalle => G'falle
Mäidel => Maidl
wärme => warme
Grossvater => Grossbabbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
gueter => Guten
kumme => kumme
Zitte => Zitt’
satt => sät
Morje => Morjen
guete => Guten
kumme => kumme
Massel => Massel
gläuwe => Glöüwe
läwe => lab
schöene => schen
gescht => g'scheit
kumme => kumme
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Glüeck => Glüeck
kumme => kumme
krank => krank
gstorwe => gschtorwa
gann => gen
vermisst => vermisster
still => stilli
vermisst => vermisster
Bewies => Beweise
Hoffnung => Hoffe
uffgänn => uffgänn
Babbe => Bäbbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
lache => Lache
sicher => secher
Babbe => Bäbbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
kumm => kumme
kumme => kumme
Häimweh => Häimweh
Babbe => Bäbbe
Schmier => Schmier
lachen => Lache
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
lache => Lache
schwär => Schwer
grad => gradi
läwe => lab
Gald => Gald
Unterstützung => Unterstützung
Hiesel => Hiesel
kumme => kumme
Kläine => Kläiner
kumme => kumme
gstorwe => gschtorwa
lang => langer
Babbe => Bäbbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
bienander => bynander
kumme => kumme
Stock => Stöcke
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
racht => rachte
Zäiche => Zeicha
verlore => verloren
läb => lab
lang => langer
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
lang => langer
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Not => Not
gröeschte => gröscht
danke => Danke
halt => halte
halt => halte
vermaledäit => vermaledäit
Mansche => Menscha
uf => üf
Ja => Ja‚
schöeni => schen
brav => brava
Guet => Guten
bienand => bynander
guet => Guten
Guet => Guten
schöen => schen
liewer => Liawe
Deifel => Täifel
Mischt => Mischt
Guet => Guten
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
schöen => schen
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
zefridde => zefriede
uf => üf
unter => unde
saat => sät
schnell => schnalle
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
halfe => hälfe
guet => Guten
brav => brava
halt => halte
uf => üf
uf => üf
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
brüele => briahla
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
natt => natt
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
kläiner => Kläiner
Stein => Stein
Stäin => Stein
kalt => kälter
finschter => fienschte
hoch => höcher
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Stille => stilli
schöen => schen
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Dokter => Doktor
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
spare => Sparren
Pfarrer => Pfarrer
gann => gen
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Gspass => G'spass
uff => üf
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
stille => stilli
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
lieb => lieb
natt => natt
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
armi => arm
liewer => Liawe
gueter => Guten
Friend => Frinde
langi => langer
Häerd => Häerd
jämmerli => jämmerlich
arm => arm
Angscht => Angst
häissi => häisser
gemacht => gemachti
Stüne => Stüne
säit => sät
Liewi => Liawe
krank => krank
Lieb => Liawe
Schatz => Schatz
begrawe => begrawe
verspreche => Versprechen
Mann => Mænner
gänn => gen
arm => arm
versproche => Verspräche
wohl => wohler
gstorwe => gschtorwa
grad => gradi
begrawe => begrawe
anfange => anfang
Wohret => Wohret
Silwer => silweri
Habsucht => Habsucht
Härz => Härze
Verspreche => Versprechen
vergässe => vergasse
gemacht => gemachti
Mann => Mænner
gann => gen
Silwer => silweri
Grab => Grab
unter => unde
voll => vol
Fräid => Fräid
grad => gradi
Äscht => äechte
säit => sät
Üewerfluss => uewerflüssig
Richtum => Richtum
armer => arm
Glüeck => Glüeck
Verdruss => Verdruss
bläich => bleiche
Schatz => Schatz
Silwer => silweri
voll => vol
Kummer => Küemmer
unter => unde
armi => arm
harthärzi => harthärzi
armi => arm
läwe => lab
Hunger => Hunger
anfange => anfang
Äscht => äechte
uf => üf
arm => arm
gann => gen
glüeckli => glückliche
gemacht => gemachti
arm => arm
Mäidele => Maidl
Habsucht => Habsucht
Macht => Macht
Härz => Härze
Stäin => Stein
gann => gen
gänn => gen
gemacht => gemachti
kumme => kumme
Dummhäit => Dummheiten
gemacht => gemachti
Hoft => Hoft
uf => üf
unter => unde
hänke => hänke
schöener => Schön
uf => üf
gueti => Guten
Wort => Woorte
Richtum => Richtum
liewer => Liawe
halfe => hälfe
garn => garn
keje => keje
begrawe => begrawe
wachse => wachsen
glüeckli => glückliche
Glück => Glüeck
Fräid => Fräid
Härze => Härze
Habsucht => Habsucht
kumme => kumme
nätti => natt
gueti => Guten
Flamm => Flamme
Hüss => Huus
Guet => Guten
verbrännt => Verbrennt
schöeni => schen
natti => natt
verbrännt => Verbrennt
gänn => gen
uf => üf
Ühr => Ühre
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Wort => Woorte
versteckelt => verstekelt
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
uf => üf
natt => natt
Guete => Guten
lang => langer
stöere => steer
günschtich => günschti
halt => halte
verfalle => verfalle
Kriej => Krij
halt => halte
leer => läre
gfasst => g’fasst
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
stelle => stella
warte => warte
hoffe => Hoffe
Ja => Ja‚
inkaafe => inkaufe
Fröj => Fröiij
sicher => secher
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
läwe => lab
grad => gradi
uf => üf
Mann => Mænner
Mann => Mænner
säit => sät
Babbe => Bäbbe
Stock => Stöcke
uf => üf
mine => meinen
Babbe => Bäbbe
schlächt => Schlächti
Stock => Stöcke
uf => üf
Mann => Mænner
uf => üf
Babbe => Bäbbe
sueche => suche
Dank => Danke
lang => langer
warme => warme
Offe => Offe
guet => Guten
bekumme => bekomm
Gald => Gald
kumm => kumme
morje => Morjen
uf => üf
Gald => Gald
kumme => kumme
morje => Morjen
kumme => kumme
braver => brava
Mann => Mænner
Familie => Famili
froh => froh
amesiere => Amüsiere
guet => Guten
Vater => Vadder
Babbe => Bäbbe
liewer => Liawe
Babbe => Bäbbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
liewer => Liawe
Babbe => Bäbbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
Ja => Ja‚
Paus => Paus
gstorwe => gschtorwa
uf => üf
Unglüeck => Ungleck
gemacht => gemachti
verlore => verloren
uf => üf
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
sueche => suche
starik => starick
Ja => Ja‚
unschuldichi => unschuldichi
Tröepfle => Tröpfel
Schmarze => Schmarze
uf => üf
Babbe => Bäbbe
Glauwe => Glöüwe
verlore => verloren
Glauwe => Glöüwe
Droscht => Durst
Kraft => Kraft
gann => gen
Schicksal => Schicksal
ändere => ändre
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Mann => Mænner
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
kumme => kumme
Babbe => Bäbbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
garn => garn
Schmutz => Verschmutze
Babbe => Bäbbe
Schmutz => Verschmutze
gann => gen
Grüess => Grueß
Babbe => Bäbbe
Jaa => Ja‚
Gott => Gott
gross => gross
natter => natt
gross => gross
Babbe => Bäbbe
schmutz => Verschmutze
spiele => spielen
arm => arm
Mäide => Maide
Babbe => Bäbbe
ähnli => ähnliche
älter => alter
Babbe => Bäbbe
Hunger => Hunger
morje => Morjen
gueti => Guten
uf => üf
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Schocola => Schocola
Babbe => Bäbbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
lang => langer
lang => langer
Zäiche => Zeicha
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Ja => Ja‚
Angscht => Angst
liebschte => Liebschter
kumme => kumme
schlächt => Schlächti
guet => Guten
schwär => Schwer
krank => krank
kumm => kumme
eland => Elander
Docter => Doktor
bekumme => bekomm
grüesse => Grueß
Vater => Vadder
Grossvater => Grossbabbe
Gald => Gald
gemachter => gemachti
Mann => Mænner
Gald => Gald
gann => gen
Hiesel => Hiesel
gemacht => gemachti
räise => reisen
bekumme => bekomm
morje => Morjen
kumme => kumme
gschejt => g’schejt
Familie => Famili
vergasse => vergasse
vergasse => vergasse
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Himmel => Himmel
Babbe => Bäbbe
Babbe => Bäbbe
uf => üf
lang => langer
verschmutze => Verschmutze
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
Lieb => Liawe
Glüeck => Glüeck
Glüeck => Glüeck
Paus => Paus
schnell => schnalle
unter => unde
Kumm => kumme
Müll => Mül
Angscht => Angst
gespannt => g'schpanne
uf => üf
Ehre => Ehren
Gott => Gott
guten => gueti
Ja => Ja‚
fehlt => fahlt
Gewisse => 'Gewisse
Angscht => Angst
versproche => Verspräche
brav => brava
Liewer => Liawe
brav => brava
brav => brava
liewer => Liawe
bitt => Bitt
allewill => Allewil
brav => brava
folgsam => folgsam
allewill => Allewil
brav => brava
folgsam => folgsam
allewill => Allewil
brav => brava
folgsam => folgsam
weiche => weiche
Härz => Härze
Freid => Fräide
verderwe => verdärwe
singe => Singen
singe => Singen
Guet => Guten
knapp => knapp
schöen => schen
angfange => ang’fange
saat => sät
uf => üf
brave => brava
Zitt => Zitt’
Pläsir => Plaisir
gäwe => gäwe
säit => sät
draime => träume
fahl => fähle
lang => langer
brachti => pracht
Mäidle => Maidl
natt => natt
koche => Kocha
Trumbeet => Trumbeet
Flint => Flinten
Soldate => Saldote
natt => natt
mitnander => mit-nander
Schlachte => Schlacht
füere => fiehre
brav => brava
Eltere => Aelterer
schöen => schen
Lehrer => Lehre
strofe => Stroof
gärn => garn
Schuel => Schieler
kumme => kumme
brav => brava
guet => Guten
mein => meinen
scharf => scharf
Guet => Guten
gemacht => gemachti
Härz => Härze
brav => brava
kumm => kumme
Klein => Kläiner
saat => sät
uf => üf
Harz => Härze
Harz => Härze
alläin => allei
Härz => Härze
lieb => lieb
Maidel => Maidl
Härz => Härze
gänn => gen
Härzer => Härze
brav => brava
brave => brava
allewill => Allewil
helfe => hälfe
Babbe => Bäbbe
Glüeck => Glüeck
Hiesel => Hiesel
allewil => Allewil
brav => brava
folgsam => folgsam
verlonn => verlass
singe => Singen
Stille => stilli
heilige => Heiligi
singe => Singen
Stille => stilli
heilige => Heiligi
einsam => einsam
wacht => Wächder
