Gesundheit => G’sundheit’
Gut => Guten
Wohrheit => Wohret
kranker => krank
g'sund => gsunder
G'sundheit => G’sundheit’
grad => gradi
g'fährli => g’fährlige
uff => üf
Buschur => buschur
Herr => Herr
grad => gradi
Tram => träume
grad => gradi
recht => Rechte
Gift => Gift
Zitt => Zitt’
schrecklich => verschreck
Hüss => Huus
kumme => kumme
Geld => Gald
grad => gradi
Eise => Eise
glaub => Glöüwe
Zitt => Zitt’
verzwifelt => verzwiefelt
uf => üf
heiss => häisser
uf => üf
hin => hin
Dokter => Doktor
Seje => Seje
still => stilli
Wort => Woorte
Dokter => Doktor
küriere => küriere
Dokter => Doktor
guet => Guten
uf => üf
gänn => gen
uf => üf
Büffet => Büfett
G'sundheit => G’sundheit’
Herr => Herr
miner => meinen
Babbe => Bäbbe
uf => üf
vergesse => vergasse
Gift => Gift
adje => adie
Herr => Herr
Plöj => Plöj
ufhöere => ufhöere
Ühr => Ühre
Zitt => Zitt’
kumme => kumme
morje => Morjen
abrisse => abrisse
älter => alter
uf => üf
guete => Guten
Amen => Amen
Morje => Morjen
morje => Morjen
Geburtsdaa => Geburtstaa
morje => Morjen
frisch => frisch
g'sund => gsunder
G'sundheit => G’sundheit’
hält => halte
rechte => Rechte
uf => üf
Rumatisse => Rumatisse
kumme => kumme
griffe => greife
kalti => kälter
Rumatisse => Rumatisse
warm => warme
kalt => kälter
Neujohr => Nejohr
warme => warme
warm => warme
hin => hin
wütend => Wüat
uf => üf
glaub => Glöüwe
Rumatisse => Rumatisse
Herrschaft => Harrschaft
roten => rot
guet => Guten
wärm => warme
guet => Guten
Rumatisse => Rumatisse
halt => halte
warmi => warme
uf => üf
rechten => Rechte
halte => halte
heilsami => heilsami
kauft => kauft
uf => üf
warmer => warme
rote => rot
Strüss => Strauß
Geburtsdaa => Geburtstaa
morje => Morjen
grüesse => Grueß
Glück => Glüeck
wünsche => Winsch
Geburtsdaa => Geburtstaa
Wunsch => Winsch
voll => vol
mine => meinen
Geburtsdaa => Geburtstaa
vergesse => vergasse
schöen => schen
lang => langer
kumm => kumme
gemacht => gemachti
uf => üf
G'sundheit => G’sundheit’
kumm => kumme
allewill => Allewil
frisch => frisch
munter => munter
schlimm => schlimm
grad => gradi
Schmerz => Schmarze
bekumme => bekomm
Rumatisse => Rumatisse
Rumatisse => Rumatisse
Mittel => Mitt'le
Mittel => Mitt'le
kürier => küriere
güet => Guten
uf => üf
Dokter => Doktor
Abneigung => Abneigung
geje => geje
Dokter => Doktor
Krankheit => Kranket
Dokter => Doktor
g'sund => gsunder
Züfall => zuefälli
kumme => kumme
Dokter => Doktor
Linderung => Linderung
sicher => secher
länger => langer
Schlaa => schläuj
Spital => Spital
gemacht => gemachti
lachend => lachende
Spital => Spital
Dokter => Doktor
zamme => zamme
Medizine => Medizin
Geld => Gald
abnemme => abnemme
Dokter => Doktor
schlecht => schlechten
mine => meinen
Exame => Exame
gemacht => gemachti
Dokter => Doktor
Dokter => Doktor
Ja => Ja‚
Exame => Exame
Dokter => Doktor
gemacht => gemachti
uf => üf
Dokter => Doktor
Buckel => buckel
liewer => Liawe
Herr => Herr
Dokter => Doktor
gege => geje
heftig => heftig
Rot => Rot
Dokter => Doktor
G'schäft => G’schäfte
genn => gen
Dokter => Doktor
Luscht => Luscht
mine => meinen
schwer => Schwer
Wittfräu => Wittfröüj
Geld => Gald
Glauwe => Glöüwe
helfe => hälfe
Dokter => Doktor
Hoffnung => Hoffe
uf => üf
wirkli => wirkligi
Chirurgie => Chirurgie
Menschheit => Menschhäit
Meinung => Meinung
Dokter => Doktor
froh => froh
Dokter => Doktor
Ganz => Ganzi
üsg'schlosse => üsg'schlosse
schlecht => schlechten
gröscht => gröscht
lustig => lustigen
sicher => secher
geje => geje
Dokter => Doktor
bekumm => bekomm
zahle => zehl
Farce => Farce
lachend => lachende
lang => langer
uf => üf
verliere => verloren
betracht => bedrachte
Mann => Mænner
frisch => frisch
g'sund => gsunder
läb => lab
grad => gradi
leid => lid
uf => üf
G'sundheit => G’sundheit’
mitnander => mit-nander
Büffet => Büfett
Ja => Ja‚
lacht => laachter
guet => Guten
gemacht => gemachti
Fall => Fal
Fall => Fal
lacht => laachter
lache => Lache
kumme => kumme
Mittel => Mitt'le
G'sundheit => G’sundheit’
Tröpfel => Tröpfel
Jaa => Ja‚
gueter => Guten
Humor => Humor
geje => geje
Maläschte => Maläschte
morje => Morjen
Geburtsdaa => Geburtstaa
sing => Singen
Grossbabbe => Grossbabbe
allewil => Allewil
braver => brava
Mann => Mænner
erschrocken => verschreck
Kumm => kumme
helf => hälfe
Dokter => Doktor
warmer => warme
stell => stella
Büffet => Büfett
guet => Guten
kumm => kumme
helf => hälfe
Mittel => Mitt'le
geje => geje
Rumatisse => Rumatisse
Mittel => Mitt'le
gueter => Guten
liewer => Liawe
Mann => Mænner
verfluchte => verfluchte
schuld => Schuldige
Geld => Gald
güet => Guten
Dokter => Doktor
gewunne => Gewinne
güet => Guten
Infäll => ifalla
verläje => verlegener
Glüeck => Glüeck
schlacht => Schlächti
gemacht => gemachti
kleini => Kläiner
stelle => stella
helfe => hälfe
Gift => Gift
züfälli => Zuefälli
Gift => Gift
gegen => geje
lachend => lachende
G'sundheit => G’sundheit’
Büffet => Büfett
kumm => kumme
grad => gradi
lustig => lustigen
leer => läre
grad => gradi
Maläschte => Maläschte
güet => Guten
uf => üf
uf => üf
anfange => anfang
grad => gradi
uf => üf
spot => spoot
güet => Guten
Mül => Mül
guet => Guten
Ja => Ja‚
allewill => Allewil
Mül => Mül
hoch => höcher
uf => üf
B'suech => Bsüch
kumme => kumme
Exame => Exame
gemacht => gemachti
Doktor => Doktor
stolz => stolzi
Dokter => Doktor
Familie => Famili
Pläsier => Plaisir
krank => krank
Dokter => Doktor
wohr => wohrer
Dokter => Doktor
lehre => Lehr
Jaa => Ja‚
recht => Rechte
verdiene => verdeene
Geld => Gald
Meinung => Meinung
G'schäft => G’schäfte
Müll => Mül
Ja => Ja‚
junge => Jungi
geje => geje
Herrschaft => Harrschaft
abzieh => abzieh
uf => üf
Nerve => Nerfe
grad => gradi
unter => unde
Plän => Plan
lachend => lachende
nieder => niedere
glaub => Glöüwe
Angscht => Angst
Plän => Plan
Ängschte => Angst
Angscht => Angst
Man => Mænner
fallen => falla
Satz => Gsetzle
ängstlich => Ängstlich
Gesicht => G'sicht
rechte => Rechte
Kaib => Käib
Wändle => Wändle
schlaa => schläuj
hin => hin
uff => üf
uf => üf
Angscht => Angst
Angscht => Angst
parole => Parole
chance => chance
kumme => kumme
lachen => Lache
lachen => Lache
Ja => Ja‚
Müll => Mül
alter => alter
Herrschaft => Harrschaft
pique => pique
falle => falla
uf => üf
fasse => fasse
uf => üf
Plän => Plan
Wüet => Wüat
Jaa => Ja‚
lichti => leichte
zusammen => zamme
alter => alter
lange => langer
Büffet => Büfett
Versteckte => versteckt
Tropfe => Tropfa
guet => Guten
glaub => Glöüwe
Tropfe => Tropfa
guete => Guten
Schluck => Schluk
Lange => langer
Büffet => Büfett
Schluck => Schluk
verstohlen => verstohlene
lang => langer
gegen => geje
Spieler => spielen
gewahr => gewähren
G'sundheit => G’sundheit’
uf => üf
Ja => Ja‚
Lange => langer
Bris => Preise
ächter => echti
Priese => Preise
lachend => lachende
schnitze => Schnitze
uf => üf
wart => warte
schöene => schen
Wüschte => Wüschte
Sahara => Saharah
allein => allei
Wüschte => Wüschte
Wüste => Wüschte
Land => Landen
Wüschte => Wüschte
Sahara => Saharah
heiss => häisser
Sunn => Sunna
heiss => häisser
heisser => häisser
Durscht => Durst
Durscht => Durst
Wüschte => Wüschte
uf => üf
gemüetli => gemüedli
uf => üf
Horizont => Horizont
schwarzen => schwarzer
folgende => folgende
grösser => grösseren
geje => geje
Schweiss => Schweiss
uf => üf
Angscht => Angst
Sueche => suche
Stein => Stein
Stein => Stein
richtig => richtig
rechter => Rechte
Angscht => Angst
guete => Guten
Bris => Preise
uf => üf
Stein => Stein
uf => üf
Stein => Stein
halt => halte
niese => niesse
uf => üf
Stein => Stein
uf => üf
zamme => zamme
hin => hin
hin => hin
uf => üf
Buckel => buckel
trürich => trürígi
grad => gradi
Geischt => Geist
ufgenn => uffgahn
Fraide => Fräide
Narr => Narr
uf => üf
uf => üf
uf => üf
genau => genäuej
recht => Rechte
lachen => Lache
lachen => Lache
blöj => blöuj
glauwe => Glöüwe
sicher => secher
wohr => wohrer
parole => Parole
wohr => wohrer
Alter => alter
plötzlich => plötzlichen
starr => starr
gemacht => gemachti
Ja => Ja‚
Gift => Gift
liewer => Liawe
Himmel => Himmel
Gift => Gift
Gift => Gift
miner => meinen
Schnell => schnalle
Vergiftungen => Vergiftungen
schweren => Schwer
Vergiftungen => Vergiftungen
Arzt => Arzt
Dokter => Doktor
hol => hool'
miner => meinen
Anfang => anfang
ängstlich => Ängstlich
hält => halte
Leib => Leib
Ja => Ja‚
Büffet => Büfett
Simpel => Simbel
morje => Morjen
Geburtsdaa => Geburtstaa
miserawel => miserawel
wohr => wohrer
Helfe => hälfe
helfe => hälfe
Helfe => hälfe
helfe => hälfe
Helfe => hälfe
helfe => hälfe
laut => läuten
hängen => hänke
hängen => hänke
hängen => hänke
helf => hälfe
Gift => Gift
Gift => Gift
Gift => Gift
Gift => Gift
stille => stilli
Gift => Gift
Gift => Gift
kumme => kumme
Gift => Gift
gemacht => gemachti
Tropfe => Tropfa
uf => üf
hin => hin
schreien => Schreien
schreien => Schreien
schreien => Schreien
uf => üf
Gift => Gift
Dokter => Doktor
Dokter => Doktor
Dokter => Doktor
Dokter => Doktor
Dokter => Doktor
spot => spoot
schnell => schnalle
hol => hool'
Leib => Leib
jammern => Jomere
Leib => Leib
jammern => Jomere
Leib => Leib
jammern => Jomere
Stille => stilli
Dokter => Doktor
Dokter => Doktor
helfe => hälfe
Reihe => Reihe
uf => üf
halte => halte
rot => rot
Gift => Gift
lacht => laachter
rot => rot
lache => Lache
Jaa => Ja‚
Dummheite => Dummheiten
lieb => lieb
Stille => stilli
schöen => schen
Gejegift => Gejegift
küriere => küriere
Schluck => Schluk
uf => üf
uf => üf
Körper => Köerper
Achtung => Achdung
Leib => Leib
Leib => Leib
Leib => Leib
wohl => wohler
Parole => Parole
Sicher => secher
wohl => wohler
singe => Singen
lütter => lütter
Fraid => Fräid
helfe => hälfe
froh => froh
läwe => lab
Reis => Räis
Engel => Angele
pfiffe => pfif
Gift => Gift
Dokter => Doktor
gekläbt => geglauibt
Vorschrift => Vorschrifte
Gift => Gift
Gift => Gift
Gift => Gift
Gift => Gift
Gift => Gift
geglaubt => geglauibt
Gift => Gift
Gejemittel => Gejemittel
lacht => laachter
starik => starick
alte => Aelterer
Mann => Mænner
starik => starick
getriewe => getriewe
ungerechter => ungerechter
gewinne => Gewinne
bekumm => bekomm
gewunne => Gewinne
hol => hool'
Dokter => Doktor
halt => halte
Wort => Woorte
verlore => verloren
Schuld => Schulde
Dokter => Doktor
recht => Rechte
Ja => Ja‚
Dokter => Doktor
Wuet => Wüat
Hüs => Huus
gemacht => gemachti
soldat => Saldote
Jagd => Jagd
mitmache => mitmache
hänke => hänke
uf => üf
Herrschaft => Harrschaft
Angscht => Angst
gern => gern
genn => gen
zefridde => zefriede
Geld => Gald
erfreut => erfreut
Warnung => Warnung
Ja => Ja‚
glauwi => glauw’
uf => üf
kumme => kumme
Man => Mænner
weinen => Weinen
laut => läuten
Kneckes => Knäckes
Männel => Mannele
weinend => Weinend
schöen => schen
Herr => Herr
uf => üf
Geburtsdaa => Geburtstaa
Ja => Ja‚
Hoft => Hoft
uf => üf
verfahre => Verfahre
Hof => Hoft
Dreck => Dreck
grad => gradi
Hoft => Hoft
stärker => starick
Stille => stilli
Männel => Mannele
Herr => Herr
hiele => hile
betrachten => bedrachte
lacht => laachter
hiele => hile
guet => Guten
biesamme => beisammen
lustig => lustigen
Ja => Ja‚
verderwe => verdärwe
Hoft => Hoft
gänn => gen
morje => Morjen
Geburtsdaa => Geburtstaa
Klein => Kläiner
g'fitzt => g’fitzti
breche => brache
uf => üf
Dokter => Doktor
Gift => Gift
schlechte => schlechten
Meinung => Meinung
Dokter => Doktor
kumm => kumme
schuld => Schuldige
