uf => üf
uf => üf
Hüs => Huus
ku => kumme
uf => üf
allei => allei
güet => Guten
schöne => Schön
halt => halte
allewil => Allewil
allewil => Allewil
Angst => Angst
ärger => Ärger
frumm => frommi
allewil => Allewil
halt => halte
allewil => Allewil
G'sang => G'sang
Fir => Fir
uf => üf
trürig => drürig
fiehre => fiehre
lang => langer
profetiere => profitiere
uf => üf
Freid => Fräide
Wil => Wil
Mitnander => mit-nander
Jugend => Jügend
Alter => alter
Weh => Weh
Mitnander => mit-nander
Jugend => Jügend
Alter => alter
Weh => Weh
Jugend => Jügend
Alter => alter
Weh => Weh
iwel => Iwwel
spot => spoot
versteckte => versteckt
halt => halte
anderscht => anderst
güete => Guten
Frind => Frinde
anders => andrs
lang => langer
versteckt => versteckt
recht => Rechte
uf => üf
Vater => Vadder
streng => Strenge
verbote => verbute
Vater => Vadder
verbote => verbute
Herr => Herr
ku => kumme
Maske => Mask
abrisse => abrisse
Vater => Vadder
halt => halte
ku => kumme
Wil => Wil
Unglick => Ungleck
verlore => verloren
viellicht => velicht
Vater => Vadder
erwarte => warte
liewer => Liawe
Sturm => Sturm
Abgrund => Abgrund
Unschuld => unschuldi
süeche => suche
Vater => Vadder
gà => gen
iwel => Iwwel
G'sang => G'sang
dumm => dumma
Mitnander => mit-nander
Mitnander => mit-nander
g'macht => gemachti
Mitnander => mit-nander
Mitnander => mit-nander
wohr => wohrer
ku => kumme
Eh => Ehen
viellicht => velicht
Vater => Vadder
uf => üf
anderscht => anderst
fiehre => fiehre
schlechte => schlechten
Wohret => Wohret
allewil => Allewil
Zit => Zitt’
erwarte => warte
Jumpfer => Jungfre
halt => halte
anders => andrs
süeche => suche
strenge => Strenge
mine => meinen
Hunger => Hunger
Güet => Guten
still => stilli
glaüb => Glöüwe
Vater => Vadder
ku => kumme
verschrocke => verschreck
süeche => suche
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
grad => gradi
Einsamkeit => Einsamkeit
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
grad => gradi
ku => kumme
süech => suche
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Kumm => kumme
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
sicher => secher
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Rüeh => riawig
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
ku => kumme
güet => Guten
ku => kumme
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
erwart => warte
güet => Guten
lüt => läuten
recht => Rechte
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
allewil => Allewil
Opposition => Opposition
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Wunder => Wunder
allewil => Allewil
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
recht => Rechte
Tochter => Doochder
G'sang => G'sang
Franz => Franz
Süech => such
verlore => verloren
Find => Feinde
Jumpfer => Jungfre
kumme => kumme
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Verlange => V’rlang
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
verlange => Verlange
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
verlange => Verlange
Recht => Rechte
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
allewil => Allewil
allewil => Allewil
verachte => v'racht
Natür => Natür
Vater => Vadder
Wunsch => Winsch
ungeduldig => ungeduldi
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
uf => üf
G'sicht => G'sicht
Unschuld => unschuldi
Heilige => Heiligi
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
recht => Rechte
junger => Jungi
g'macht => gemachti
lewe => lab
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Eh => Ehen
süech => suche
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
lüt => läuten
Tochter => Doochder
Achtung => Achdung
gà => gen
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Tochter => Doochder
alte => Aelterer
uf => üf
grad => gradi
Glick => Glüeck
Tochter => Doochder
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
mein => meinen
allewil => Allewil
schwarz => schwarzer
eifach => eenfach
Blick => blick
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
dumm => dumma
Morge => Morjen
lang => langer
Zit => Zitt’
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
wohr => wohrer
wohl => wohler
uf => üf
viellicht => velicht
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
mine => meinen
wohr => wohrer
recht => Rechte
lang => langer
G'sang => G'sang
Morge => Morjen
Fir => Fir
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
güet => Guten
Kraft => Kraft
güet => Guten
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
güet => Guten
Kraft => Kraft
güet => Guten
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
güet => Guten
Kraft => Kraft
güet => Guten
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
kumm => kumme
grad => gradi
allei => allei
G'heimniss => Gheimnis
G'heimniss => Gheimnis
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
ziemlig => ziemli
sicher => secher
wohr => wohrer
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
uf => üf
allei => allei
Plan => Plan
g'macht => gemachti
mitnander => mit-nander
Glick => Glüeck
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
güete => Guten
prächtige => pracht
allewil => Allewil
lichtsinnig => Lychtisinni
versteckte => versteckt
Freide => Fräide
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Mittel => Mitt'le
erwarte => warte
Jumpfer => Jungfre
schwarz => schwarzer
stelle => stella
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
uf => üf
glaüb => Glöüwe
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
recht => Rechte
güete => Guten
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Hindernisse => Hindernisse
Weg => Weg
Los => Los
Abneigung => Abneigung
gege => geje
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
ku => kumme
ku => kumme
preveniere => preveniere
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
anders => andrs
Haltung => Haltung
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
hoff => Hoffe
Güet => Guten
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Eh => Ehen
bedite => bedidde
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
junger => Jungi
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
hoffe => Hoffe
Mann => Mænner
Jumpfere => Jungfre
güet => Guten
empfange => empfange
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Angst => Angst
verlang => V’rlang
güet => Guten
empfange => empfange
Jumpfer => Jungfre
allewil => Allewil
recht => Rechte
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
wohr => wohrer
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Hüs => Huus
Herz => Härze
ufrichtig => ufirichte
Herze => Härze
hoff => Hoffe
Himmel => Himmel
vergelte => vergalte
Güet => Guten
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Willkumme => willkumma
willkumme => willkumma
güete => Guten
Jumpfer => Jungfre
erwartet => erwartet
Jumpfer => Jungfre
wohr => wohrer
viellicht => velicht
Macht => Macht
ku => kumme
glicklig => glückliche
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
güet => Guten
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
mied => miede
Reis' => Räis
sorge => Sorga
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Plaisier => Plaisir
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Mann => Mænner
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
nieder => niedere
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
frecher => fräch
Blick => blick
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
allewil => Allewil
alte => Aelterer
Jumpfer => Jungfre
g'sund => gsunder
wohl => wohler
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
wirklig => wirkligi
Jumpfer => Jungfre
recht => Rechte
bikumm => bekomm
güet => Guten
Zit => Zitt’
Freide => Fräide
Einsamkeit => Einsamkeit
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
güet => Guten
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Mann => Mænner
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Reis' => Räis
Tochter => Doochder
viellicht => velicht
Freid => Fräide
begleite => begleiten
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
wohr => wohrer
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
ku => kumme
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Mann => Mænner
uf => üf
schwache => schwächer
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
güet => Guten
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Fir => Fir
Wohret => Wohret
Jumpfer => Jungfre
glaüb => Glöüwe
Morge => Morjen
uf => üf
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
viellicht => velicht
Hunger => Hunger
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Himmel => Himmel
ku => kumme
Angst => Angst
vergesse => vergasse
liewer => Liawe
eifach => eenfach
gà => gen
Natür => Natür
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
halt => halte
Einsamkeit => Einsamkeit
gà => gen
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
charmant => charmante
kumm => kumme
Jumpfer => Jungfre
charmant => charmante
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
bequem => bequemer
G'sang => G'sang
güet => Guten
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Himmel => Himmel
Fir => Fir
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
uf => üf
Güet => Guten
lehre => Lehr
Tugend => Tugenden
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
lehre => Lehr
Jumpfer => Jungfre
allei => allei
ku => kumme
Abgrund => Abgrund
unter => unde
mine => meinen
uf => üf
Mann => Mænner
viellicht => velicht
uf => üf
scharmant => charmante
kumm => kumme
Worte => Woorte
Herz => Härze
Geist => Geist
Schrecke => Schracke
erfillt => erfillt
Kraft => Kraft
mine => meinen
Find => Feinde
Herz => Härze
allewil => Allewil
Revolution => Revolütion
Blick => blick
allei => allei
Herr => Herr
süeche => suche
verfiehre => verfiehre
mine => meinen
Blicke => blick
schön => Schön
trenne => trenne
uf => üf
viellicht => velicht
Fehler => Fæhler
viellicht => velicht
Find => Feinde
uf => üf
fiehre => fiehre
Liewe => Liawe
Band => Bande
güet => Guten
geistige => Geste
vergesse => vergasse
vergesse => vergasse
recht => Rechte
ku => kumme
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
uf => üf
Jumpfer => Jungfre
allei => allei
junge => Jungi
Jumpfer => Jungfre
viellicht => velicht
Tochter => Doochder
Hüs => Huus
Schimmel => Schimmel
uf => üf
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
heiss => häisser
Jumpfer => Jungfre
wohl => wohler
lüt => läuten
viellicht => velicht
theile => dheile
Jumpfer => Jungfre
lüt => läuten
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
allei => allei
G'heimniss => Gheimnis
Jumpfer => Jungfre
ku => kumme
Jumpfer => Jungfre
fange => Fange
G'heimniss => Gheimnis
Jumpfer => Jungfre
versprich => Versprechen
Eh => Ehen
uf => üf
Jumpfer => Jungfre
junger => Jungi
gern => gern
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Vater => Vadder
erfahre => erfahreni
verbote => verbute
halt => halte
Jumpfer => Jungfre
uf => üf
lüt => läuten
Jumpfer => Jungfre
bedür => bedüre
jung => Jungi
verfiehre => verfiehre
junge => Jungi
Tochter => Doochder
Abgrund => Abgrund
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
junger => Jungi
fiehre => fiehre
Angst => Angst
Eltre => Aelterer
Jugend => Jügend
streng => Strenge
Alter => alter
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Angst => Angst
Tochter => Doochder
üswiche => üswiche
Verderwe => verdärwe
Kreatüre => Kreatur
Jumpfer => Jungfre
uf => üf
rechte => Rechte
Weg => Weg
G'sang => G'sang
jung => Jungi
stark => starick
Fir => Fir
uf => üf
Freid => Fräide
Netz => Netz
Liewe => Liawe
Angst => Angst
Freid => Fräide
mitnander => mit-nander
Herz => Härze
Verspreche => Versprechen
Mann => Mænner
Herz => Härze
schla => schläuj
Jumpfer => Jungfre
wirklig => wirkligi
wohr => wohrer
Lust => Luscht
kumm => kumme
Empfindung => Empfindung
wohr => wohrer
zähl => zehl
lang => langer
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Verspreche => Versprechen
Jumpfer => Jungfre
lüt => läuten
Wort => Woorte
zähle => zehl
Jumpfer => Jungfre
charmant => charmante
kumm => kumme
Jumpfer => Jungfre
charmant => charmante
grad => gradi
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Find => Feinde
Achtung => Achdung
gà => gen
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
allei => allei
riskiere => riskeere
sicherer => secher
viellicht => velicht
uf => üf
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Eh => Ehen
Jumpfer => Jungfre
uf => üf
warte => warte
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Freid => Fräide
Sterne => Starne
Zit => Zitt’
allei => allei
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
trumpiere => trumpier
schnell => schnalle
Zit => Zitt’
Jumpfer => Jungfre
trumpiere => trumpier
Fir => Fir
verfiehre => verfiehre
Zit => Zitt’
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
lüt => läuten
ku => kumme
Jumpfer => Jungfre
mied => miede
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Eh => Ehen
Zit => Zitt’
lang => langer
Zeremonie => Zeremonie
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Respect => Respect
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Heilige => Heiligi
bisteh => bisteh
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Angst => Angst
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Gott => Gott
Gott => Gott
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
anderscht => anderst
wohr => wohrer
lichtsinnig => Lychtisinni
Jumpfer => Jungfre
halt => halte
verdorwe => Verderb
gege => geje
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
viellicht => velicht
wohl => wohler
junge => Jungi
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Mann => Mænner
Geist => Geist
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
wohl => wohler
trumpiere => trumpier
mitnander => mit-nander
Jumpfer => Jungfre
trumpiere => trumpier
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Angst => Angst
Wunsch => Winsch
erfillt => erfillt
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Eh => Ehen
verstand => Vrstand
wirklig => wirkligi
lang => langer
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
uf => üf
Trumpete => Trumbeet
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
uf => üf
bedite => bedidde
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
gege => geje
glaüb => Glöüwe
wirklig => wirkligi
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
hitzig => hetzig
Jumpfer => Jungfre
meine => meinen
Ewigkeit => Ewigkeit
unter => unde
ku => kumme
Schrecke => Schracke
uf => üf
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
rechte => Rechte
Jumpfer => Jungfre
uf => üf
verderwe => verdärwe
Vater => Vadder
Züefall => zuefälli
lang => langer
Stille => stilli
Hüs => Huus
Vater => Vadder
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
süeche => suche
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Wunder => Wunder
grad => gradi
leider => leider
Jumpfer => Jungfre
sicher => secher
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
grad => gradi
uf => üf
g'macht => gemachti
güet => Guten
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
lüt => läuten
Vater => Vadder
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
G'heimniss => Gheimnis
Eh => Ehen
Zit => Zitt’
G'sang => G'sang
Andacht => Andacht
unter => unde
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
wahrhaft => wahrhafti
halt => halte
Jumpfer => Jungfre
erwartet => erwartet
verbiet => verbute
zähl => zehl
folge => folgen
halt => halte
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Hüs => Huus
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
liewer => Liawe
hoffe => Hoffe
glaüb => Glöüwe
ku => kumme
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
zornig => zornig
Zorn => zornig
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
entdeckt => entdeckt
uf => üf
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
allei => allei
verlang => V’rlang
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
hintergeh => hintergeh
falsche => falsche
Hüs => Huus
Jumpfer => Jungfre
lichtsinnige => Lychtisinni
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Güet => Guten
profetiere => profitiere
lüt => läuten
halt => halte
g'macht => gemachti
güete => Guten
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
gege => geje
verzeihe => verzeihj
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Eh => Ehen
allei => allei
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
g'macht => gemachti
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
standhaft => standhaft
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
hoff => Hoffe
stelle => stella
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
glaüb => Glöüwe
grad => gradi
recht => Rechte
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
unterbricht => underbrecht
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
unter => unde
falsche => falsche
Hüs => Huus
Jumpfer => Jungfre
süech => suche
Worte => Woorte
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
langer => langer
verstellt => verstellt
G'sang => G'sang
wohl => wohler
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
kumm => kumme
Hüs => Huus
Herr => Herr
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Hüs => Huus
Herr => Herr
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Hüs => Huus
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
viellicht => velicht
verzeihe => verzeihj
falscher => falsche
Mann => Mænner
verfiehre => verfiehre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
gà => gen
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
wohl => wohler
uf => üf
Hüs => Huus
Herr => Herr
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
allei => allei
Freide => Fräide
Sünde => Sünde
uf => üf
halte => halte
stelle => stella
Meister => Meister
Macht => Macht
Kampf => kämpf
lewe => lab
junge => Jungi
güeter => Guten
warne => warne
Abgrund => Abgrund
unter => unde
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Herr => Herr
G'sicht => G'sicht
recht => Rechte
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
bekannt => bekannte
G'sicht => G'sicht
verkleide => verkleid
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Herr => Herr
Herr => Herr
Schmutz => Verschmutze
gà => gen
Schand => Schanda
Schand => Schanda
ewige => ewige
Schand => Schanda
verzeihe => verzeihj
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Leid => Leid
beleidige => beläidig
wohr => wohrer
junge => Jungi
halt => halte
Jumpfer => Jungfre
ku => kumme
Hüs => Huus
Zitt => Zitt’
uf => üf
Weg => Weg
vorsichtig => vorsichtig
kumm => kumme
gege => geje
Jumpfer => Jungfre
güete => Guten
Frind => Frinde
versteckt => versteckt
Jumpfer => Jungfre
binander => bynander
zahl => zehl
uf => üf
verschwindet => verschwindet
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
zornig => zornig
Jumpfer => Jungfre
grad => gradi
uf => üf
Weg => Weg
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
uf => üf
Weg => Weg
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Zorn => zornig
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
meine => meinen
Herr => Herr
Mann => Mænner
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
uf => üf
Jumpfere => Jungfre
junge => Jungi
ku => kumme
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
grad => gradi
Vater => Vadder
grad => gradi
G'sang => G'sang
Morge => Morjen
Hüs => Huus
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
schöne => Schön
streng => Strenge
richte => richt
Jumpfer => Jungfre
schöne => Schön
uf => üf
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
satt => sät
Gott => Gott
danke => Danke
Hüs => Huus
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
verdiene => verdeene
Tochter => Doochder
Verfiehrer => Verfahre
leer => läre
Vater => Vadder
ku => kumme
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
liewer => Liawe
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
uf => üf
Jumpfer => Jungfre
lieb => lieb
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Herr => Herr
Jumpfer => Jungfre
junge => Jungi
falle => falla
Jumpfer => Jungfre
gege => geje
uf => üf
Jumpfer => Jungfre
riskiere => riskeere
Herr => Herr
Herr => Herr
Find => Feinde
glaüb => Glöüwe
gege => geje
g'schickt => g’schickt
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Heiliger => Heiligi
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Himmel => Himmel
verfiehre => verfiehre
sicher => secher
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
güet => Guten
grad => gradi
Hüs => Huus
Jumpfer => Jungfre
eifach => eenfach
Jumpfer => Jungfre
lang => langer
gern => gern
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
spot => spoot
länger => langer
lang => langer
uf => üf
Herz => Härze
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Liewe => Liawe
Macht => Macht
lieb => lieb
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Seel => Seel
G'sang => G'sang
lange => langer
Kraft => Kraft
uf => üf
Höll => Höll
fehle => fähle
theile => dheile
Höll => Höll
fehle => fähle
theile => dheile
Jumpfer => Jungfre
uf => üf
uf => üf
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
güete => Guten
Jumpfer => Jungfre
ku => kumme
rechte => Rechte
Herr => Herr
grad => gradi
Vater => Vadder
ku => kumme
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
süeche => suche
vergelte => vergalte
wohr => wohrer
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Mann => Mænner
verzeihe => verzeihj
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
süech => suche
Jumpfer => Jungfre
mitnander => mit-nander
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
ku => kumme
verbote => verbute
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Wil => Wil
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Himmel => Himmel
g'macht => gemachti
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
uf => üf
halt => halte
ku => kumme
Jumpfer => Jungfre
lüt => läuten
wohr => wohrer
Verspreche => Versprechen
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Angst => Angst
g'macht => gemachti
Herr => Herr
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
mitnander => mit-nander
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
mitnander => mit-nander
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
glicklig => glückliche
mitnander => mit-nander
uf => üf
Herr => Herr
Schimmel => Schimmel
Jumpfer => Jungfre
recht => Rechte
Eh => Ehen
Herr => Herr
Madame => Madamen
Schimmel => Schimmel
hoffe => Hoffe
Zitt => Zitt’
junge => Jungi
Jumpfer => Jungfre
Mann => Mænner
bekumm => bekomm
dumm => dumma
halt => halte
Süeche => suche
Fir => Fir
Zit => Zitt’
